https://outboundconference.com/
COMPANY: AA-ISP
COMPANY: AA-ISP Digital Sales World 2018
Date: 2/1/18, 6/20/18, 9/6/18
Location: San Francisco, Atlanta, Boston
AA-ISP’s Inside Sales conference focuses on helping front-line inside sales reps and managers in their day-to-day roles through a combination of talks and workshops. Sales leaders can explore a technology and service expo to peruse sales technology for their teams.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

2) SaaStr
Date: 2/6/18 - 2/8/18
Location: San Francisco
SaaStr is a conference for -- you guessed it -- people working at SaaS (Software as a Service) companies. Whether it's hearing from top execs on how they make purchasing decisions or entrepreneurs on scaling and managing your first sales team, sales professionals at all levels will come away with valuable insights.

Speakers include: Dharmesh Shah (CTO and co-founder, HubSpot), Mike Cannon-Brooks (Co-founder and Co-CEO, Atlassian), and Sarah Bird (CEO, Moz)

3) 10X Growth Conference
3) 10X Growth Conference
Date: 2/22/18 - 2/24/18
Location: Las Vegas
Run by the team behind sales expert and bestselling author Grant Cardone's Cardone Inc., this conference features entrepreneurs from all industries who will teach attendees how to "10X" their own businesses.

Speakers include: Grant Cardone (sales trainer and bestselling author), Daymond John (business strategist), Ed Mylett (Peak Performance expert and agency chairman, WFG)

COMPANY: Revenue Summit
Date: 3/1/18
Location: San Francisco
Revenue Summit is a B2B conference that focuses on sales and marketing alignment. The agenda includes topics on both inbound and outbound processes, as well as leadership driven sessions and keynotes. There's something for everyone at Revenue Summit -- whether you're a demand gen marketer seeking tactical tips on building evergreen leads, or a VP of Sales looking to optimize the sales process with an omni-channel approach.

Speakers include: Godard Abel, Executive Chairman of G2Crowd, Lesley Young, SVP of Global & Commercial Online Sales at Box, and Jacco van der Kooij, founder of Winning By Design

COMPANY: Rainmaker
Date: 3/5/18 - 3/7/18
Location: Atlanta
Rainmaker's objective is to bring sales organizations into the modern age and update their behavior to match buyers' so they're "no longer merely sales teams." Content is tailored for those in sales development, sales operations, and sales leadership roles.

Speakers include: Kyle Porter (CEO, Sales Loft)

6) Sandler Sales & Leadership Summit
Date: 3/12/18 - 3/16/18
Location: Orlando
The sales training juggernaut's conference will address key sales management and coaching challenges and include advanced strategies as well.

Speakers include: David Mattson (CEO and president, Sandler Training)

7) TOPO Sales Summit
Date: 3/20/18 - 3/21/18
Location: San Francisco
The sales summit’s six tracks (executive leadership, sales development, sales ops and technology, sales effectiveness, marketing ops and technology, and account-based) are a valuable resource for sales leaders looking to jumpstart their teams' success.

Speakers include: Megan Ketchum (Director, Inbound Sales Development, LinkedIn), Dennis Lyandres (EVP Sales, ProCore), and Ryan Arnett (VP of Sales, OpenGov)

COMPANY:  Pulse
Date:4/10/18 - 4/11/18
Location:San Mateo, CA
In 2018, customer success will be a huge focus for salespeople. Sales doesn't end with a closed deal -- a good customer experience is crucial to cross-sells, upsells, and a booming referral business. Learn tactical tips and get inspired by the best in the business.

Speakers include:Not announced yet

9) SiriusDecisions Sales Leadership Exchange
Date: 5/8/18 - 5/11/18
Location: Las Vegas
Focused on B2B leaders in sales, sales operations, sales enablement, and channel sales, this conference touches on every aspect of hiring, scaling, and developing a successful sales organization.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

10) Unleash 2018
Date: 5/6/18 - 5/9/18
Location: San Diego, CA
Unleash is a sales conference like no other. This is an inspirational, high-energy event for sales leaders who have achieved extraordinary success but know there’s always more to learn. For these students of the game, Unleash is the perfect opportunity to connect with like-minded leaders, gain new insights into sales excellence, and learn techniques for unleashing your inner sales hero. You’ll leave this event with clear line of sight to driving unprecedented results for your organization.

Speakers include: Jocko Willink (author of #1 NYT bestseller Extreme Ownership and retired Navy SEAL), Robyn Benincassa (adventure athlete and motivational speaker) plus top sales and marketing influencers.

11) INBOUND
Date: 9/4/18 - 9/7/18
Location: Boston
An annual event that brings together marketing and sales professionals from around the world, INBOUND features inspiring keynotes from speakers like Ta-Nehisi Coates and Michelle Obama. INBOUND also offers a sales-specific track -- past speakers have included sales professionals like Jill Konrath, Trish Bertuzzi, Jill Rowley, and Daniel Pink.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

12) HYPERGROWTH
Date: 9/4/18 (East Coast); 9/24/18 (West Coast)
Location: Boston; San Francisco
Drift's second annual HYPERGROWTH promises to be just as -- if not more -- high-energy and knowledge-packed as the first. Because it's just one day long, the team makes every minute count. If you're looking for a highly efficient way to get motivated, learn expert secrets about sales and marketing, and network, consider attending.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

13) B2B LeadsCon
Date: 10/3/18 - 10/5/18
Location: Boston
LeadsCon focuses on professionals responsible for generating, nurturing, and converting leads -- a.k.a. marketers and salespeople. You'll learn about brand-building, lead response tactics, and how to run succesful campaigns.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

14) CEB Sales and Marketing Summit
Date: 10/9/18 - 10/11/18
Location: Las Vegas
“Smarketing” isn’t a fad -- it’s a necessary business practice -- and you'll learn all about it here. Previous speakers have included "The Challenger Sale" author Brent Adamson, LinkedIn VP of Sales Solutions Mike Derezin, and InsideView VP of Enterprise Sales Andrea Austin.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

15) iCONIC Tour
Date: TBA
Location: TBA
This CNBC- and Inc.-hosted event is geared toward entrepreneurs. Expect speakers like Tony Robbins and Tony Hawk, and a focus on networking events.

Speakers include: Not announced yet

Revenue Summit
When: 3/7 – 3/8/2017
Where: San Francisco
Why: Sales Hacker has been putting on some amazing events lately! As an example, Sales Hacker’s recent Sales Machine conference boasted some amazing speakers including Ariana Huffington, Gary Vaynerchuk, Seth Godin, Trish Bertuzzi and many more. Stay tuned for Revenue Summit (co-presented with FlipMyFunnel, which promises to boast some amazing speakers and sessions.
Past Speakers Include: Arianna Huffington (Huffington Post), Gary Vaynerchuck and Seth Godin

SaaStr
When: 2/7/17 – 2/9/17
Where: San Francisco
Why: SaaStr 2016 was one of the most inspiring conferences of the year, and next year’s event will probably be even better. This conference is basically a must for sales leaders who are selling SaaS, as it offers a nearly-unparalleled chance to network with decision makers at some of the world’s top companies.
Speakers Include: Jeff Lawson (CEO, Twilio) and Dharmesh Shah (Co-Founder, Hubspot)

TOPO Sales Summit
When: 4/12 – 4/13 2017
Where: San Francisco
Why: TOPO is one of the world’s fastest growing sales organizations. Each year their events are getting better and better. It will be very interesting to see what they have in store for us next year!
Speakers Include: Doug Landis (VP Sales, Box) and Scott Keane (Director Demand Management, Google)

AA-ISP Leadership Summit 2017
When: 4/18 – 4/20 2017
Where: Philadelphia
Why: AA-ISP is the leading association for inside sales professionals. Their conferences are guaranteed to be packed with industry leaders. This is a fantastic opportunity to network and learn from the best.
Past Speakers Include: Lori Richardson (Mid-Market Sales Expert) and Mark Kosoglow (VP Sales at Outreach)

Sales 3.0 Conference
When: 5/1 – 5/2 2017
Where: San Francisco
Why: Sales is changing fast! So fast that the awesome Sales 2.0 conference has rebranded as Sales 3.0! This conference will get to the heart of how sales leaders need to evolve to beat the competition and sell more over the next coming quarters.
Speakers Include: Kara DelVecchio, VP Sales, Wedding Wire and Gerhard Gschwandtner, Founder and CEO, Selling Power

Accelerate 2017
When: 5/2 – 5/4/17
Where: San Francisco, Pier 48
Why: Going in its 5th year, Apttus’ Accelerate is the world’s largest Quote-to-Cash of the year. Accelerate offers 2 full days of thought leadership, best practices, networking, and big name keynote speakers spanning sales, legal, finance, and IT personas. Last year Accelerate brought together over 3000 attendees, 72 sessions, and 3 World Series trophies. 2017 will be bigger.
Notable past speakers: Jay Leno, Magic Johnson, Matthew Dixon, Amy Slater

Forrester Customer Experience Forum
When: 6/20 – 6/21 2017
Where: New York
Why: Customer success is one of the most important aspects of B2B sales (after all, customer retention can often be more lucrative than customer acquisition). This forum will focus on customer experience and offer some strategies that can potentially help your sales team rethink and evolve your interactions with customers.
Select Speakers: Linda Boff (CEO, GE) and Mark King (President, Adidas North America) and

Inbound
When: 9/25 – 9/28 2017
Where: Boston
Why: Sure, Hubspot’s annual conference started as an event for inbound marketers. But as Hubspot’s product has expanded this conference has evolved to include plenty of content for sales professionals. Past speakers have included such sales luminaries as Jill Konrath and Jill Rowley.
Past Speakers Include: Alec Baldwin, Gary Vaynerchuk and Dharmesh Shah & Brian Halligan (Co-founders, Hubspot)

Dreamforce
When: 11/6 – 11/9 2017
Where: San Francisco
Why: Dreamforce is the world’s largest technology conference. You better believe that it’s going to be packed to the gils with highly actionable sessions and panels featuring a who’s who of today’s most seasoned industry leaders. Past panels that RingDNA has hosted alone have featured John Barrows, Aaron Ross, Elay Cohen, Craig Rosenberg, Heather R. Morgan and more!
Past Speakers Include: Melinda Gates (Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation), Marc Benioff (CEO, Salesforce) and Tony Robbins

CEB Sales and Marketing Summit
When: TBD 2017
Where: TBD
Why: CEB has consistently offered some of the world’s leading research and insight into sales. CEB’s sales and marketing summit will feature top speakers.
Past Speakers Include: The Challenger Sale author Brent Adamson and business author Nick Toman

Sales Management Association Sales Force Productivity Conference
When: TBD 2017
Where: TBD
Why: The Sales Management Association’s 6th Annual Sales Force Productivity Conference was a prime networking event! And we’re looking forward to seeing the lineup for their next one. Though it’s a smaller conference, it should boast some top-tier speakers.
Past Speakers Include: Bob Kelly (Chairman, Sales Management Association), Jason Jordan (Vantage Point Consulting) and Bob Sanders (CEO, Axiom Sales Force Development)

Inside Sales World
When: TBD
Where: TBD
Why: AA-ISP’s conference is sure to be one of Europe’s premier gatherings of inside sales leaders. The conference will explore the latest tips, technologies, and proven best practices for solving today’s toughest challenges and issues.
Select Speakers: TBD

ALIGNED
Date: May 22-26, 2017

Location: Virtual

About: Networking opportunities aside, Aligned 2017 delivers everything you could ask for in a sales conference. Zero cost. Versatile content. Iconic keynotes. And unparalleled convenience – this is a virtual event you can access via computer. Featuring 50+ sessions – each one available to watch on demand – Aligned brings together today’s top B2B sales and marketing experts, operators and consultants to take on the challenging subject of alignment. Hosted by Ambition, Engagio, Sales Hacker, HubSpot and Sweetfish Media, among others, Aligned is a no-brainer for modern B2B sales leaders who are serious about building an efficient revenue machine.

SALES MACHINE
Date: June 14-15, 2017

Location: New York, New York

About: Hosted by Sales Hacker, Sales Machine is the sales conference for B2B sales organizations looking to talk shop and rub elbows with industry leaders in the city that never sleeps. This year’s conference many leading industry luminaries in its speaker lineup, including Crossing the Chasm author Geoffrey Moore. The summer’s premiere conference event for sales leaders looking to scale their sales organization in the 2nd half of 2017.


INSIDE SALES
Date: September 7, 2017

Location: Boston, Massachusetts

About: Miss the AA-ISP Leadership Summit? Boston’s annual fall Inside Sales conference is your shot at redemption. A great place to meet leading inside sales vendors, practitioners, and consultants, Inside Sales 2017 has a low profile compared to other sales conferences on this list. And that’s one of its strengths – if you’re looking for a sales conference with a high sales leader:sales development rep ratio, book your reservation for Inside Sales 2017.

INBOUND
Date: September 25-28, 2017

Location: Boston, Massachusetts

About: HubSpot’s annual conference for sales and marketing leaders distinguishes itself by the sheer variety of its speaker lineup. Want Michelle Obama to hear your elevator pitch? Play your cards right at Inbound, and you might have a shot at making that a reality. Disciplined sales leaders also have plenty of valuable sessions they can attend – including Breakout Sessions from industry stalwarts like Trish Bertuzzi and Lori Richardson.

Bonus: Check out Gary V’s impressive 2016 keynote to get a glimpse of what you’re in for!

CEB SALES AND MARKETING SUMMIT

Date: October 17-19, 2017

Location: Las Vegas, Nevada

About: CEB is one of the most respected names in B2B sales and marketing analysis. It logically follows that their annual Sales and Marketing Summit tends to be light on hype, heavy on substance. The ultimate sales conference power move?

Featuring your own Principal Advisor – who also happened to co-author The Challenger Sale – as your event’s keynote. A worthy addition to innovative sales leader’s event calendar.

Bonus: Check out Rethinking Customer Understanding: Part 1 of Brent Adamson’s Keynote Speech from the 2016 CEB Sales and Marketing Summit.

DREAMFORCE
Date: November 6-9, 2017

Location: San Francisco, California

About: We don’t need to pitch you Dreamforce. The #DF17 agenda is still months away from debuting – and it’s still a mortal lock for your event calendar come November. Rest assured that, as we write this, an army of Salesforce marketing talent is quietly assembling a speaker lineup so preposterously impressive, it casts a shadow over the entire SaaS industry. We’ll see you there.

Bonus: Check out last year’s opening keynote highlights from Dreamforce 2016.

OPS STARS

Date: November 7-9, 2017

Location: San Francisco, California

About: The little brother to Dreamforce that should not be overlooked. Ops Stars debuted last year down the street from #DF16, offering sales, marketing, and operations leaders a relaxed atmosphere where they could take in insightful ops-focused presentations from the smartest minds among their industry peers.

Don’t sleep on Ops-Stars this year – the positive response to last year’s event was strong enough to warrant a curtain call from event hosts DataFox and LeanData.

The Crunchies Awards
Not exactly a conference - but a very good event for entrepreneurs. The Crunchies Awards are hosted by TechCrunch and they award the biggest founders, hottest startups and it's definitely interesting to check out.

When: 2/6/17

Where: San Francisco

Social Media Strategies Summit - San Francisco
The longest running, most comprehensive social media conference in the US. It is the go-to event for social media, digital marketing, social selling and communications professionals across industries.

When: 2/7 - 2/9/17

Where: San Francisco

SaaStr
SaaStr is one of the best events to attend as a sales leader. Speakers at SaaStr are usually decision makers at top companies who share some incredible experiences and knowledge. It is definitely a must-go.

When: 2/7 - 2/9/17

Where: San Francisco

SiriusDecisions Sales Leadership Exchange
The Sales Leadership Exchange brings top sales leaders to a conference, willing to discuss trends in Sales, Leadership and Business. If you're a decision maker, be sure to check out this conference.

When: 2/22 - 2/24/17

Where: Arizona

Digital Growth Conference
The Digital Growth Conference is online, so it's perfect for reps and marketers who don't live in the U.S. It's focused entirely on Sales, Marketing and Sales Enablement, featuring leadership panels, proven strategies and case studies.

When: 2/28 - 3/3/2017

Where: Online

Revenue Summit
Revenue Summit is a Sales Hacker event that brings experts in both Marketing and Sales. This year's speakers come from top companies such as Facebook, Hubspot, Akamai and more.

When: 3/7 and 3/8/2017

Where: San Francisco

InsideSales.com Sales Acceleration Summit
The largest online sales summit in the world sure has huge names in its agenda - from CEOs to sales trainers. Also, it's free.

When: 3/9

Where: Online

Sandler Sales & Leadership Summit
Specialized in Leadership and Sales Training, Sandler hosts their Summit yearly. Their conference features high-quality training with worldwide sales professionals.

When: 3/9 - 3/10/17

Where: Orlando

10X Growth Conference
The 10X Growth Conference is presented by Grant Cardone, who is already a huge name in the sales field. It is an event that promises to gather the best entrepreneurs, business executives and experts in three days of conference.

When: 3/17 - 3/19

Where: Florida

Social Media Marketing World
The world's largest social media marketing conference. Join the world’s leading social media experts as you discover actionable tips and strategies to improve your social media marketing efforts.

When: 3/22 - 3/24

Where: San Diego

TOPO Sales Summit
TOPO Summit brings together over 1,000 sales and marketing leaders from the world’s best companies so that they can share specific best practices, patterns, and plays for driving exceptional growth.

When: 4/12 - 4/13/17

Where: San Francisco

Marketing Sherpa Summit
Marketing Sherpa Summit covers content, digital, mobile and e-mail marketing. Two conference days, two workshop days and 16 case studies will be presented on this event.

When: 4/10 - 4/13

Where: Las Vegas

AA-ISP Leadership Summit
With over 65 Sales and Leadership sessions, the three days of AA-ISP Inside Sales are truly worthwhile. For inside sales professionals, networking opportunities are guaranteed.

When: 4/18 - 4/20/2017

Where: Philadelphia

National Conference in Sales Management
The National Conference in Sales Management is a premier conference and disseminate knowledge in the areas of sales management and personal selling.

When: 4/19 - 4/21/17

Where: St. Louis

The Marketing Nation Summit
The Marketing Nation Summit is the premier industry event for anyone involved in digital marketing and engaging customers. Hosted by Marketo, the conference brings together the best and brightest minds in the digital transformation of marketing, advertising, IT, services, and beyond.

When: 4/23 - 4/26

Where: San Francisco

Rainmaker
Rainmaker is a revenue management-focused conference, greatly valuable because of a number of industry leaders attending the event. It's more suitable for C-level and leadership roles.

When: 4/24 - 4/26/2017

Where: Miami

CRM Evolution
The biggest collection of the brightest and most influential people in the CRM industry, gathered to discuss customer management and technology use.

When: 4/24 - 4/26/17

Where: Washington D.C.

Social Media Strategies Summit - Chicago
The longest running, most comprehensive social media conference in the US. It is the go-to event for social media, digital marketing, social selling and communications professionals across industries.

When: 4/26 - 4/28/17

Where: Chicago

Sales 3.0
Sales 3.0 is a conference all about the future - how can you up your game to win more than your competitors? Formerly called Sales 2.0, it's an event guaranteed to be packed with experts.

When: 5/1 - 5/2/2017

Where: San Francisco

GrowCo
Created and curated by Inc. Magazine, GrowCo is an event built for entrepreneurs. Speakers are often C-level specialists who have great insights on how to grow your company. It's a great event not only for sales, but also business inspiration.

When: 5/8 - 5/10

Where: New Orleans

Pulse
The ultimate Customer Success event, perfect for customer-facing and post-sales roles. Speakers include luminaries from companies such as Salesforce, Box, DocuSign and Oracle.

When: 5/9 - 5/11/17

Where: Oakland

Sales Machine Summit
Sales Machine Summit was created by Salesforce alongside Sales Hacker, with an agenda that includes the co-founder of Huffington Post and other sales luminaries.

When: 6/15 - 6/16

Where: New York

Forrester Customer Experience Forum
This conference is all about the customer: how can you increase customer retention and provide them the greatest experience with your company? The Forrester Customer Experience Forum answers those questions for you every year.

When: 6/20 - 6/21/2017

Where: New York

B2B LeadsCon
LeadsCon is entirely focused on lead generation - meaning it's a big event for both marketers and sales reps. The event covers from nurturing to conversion in the lead process.

When: 8/21 - 8/23/17

Where: New York

Content Marketing World
A content marketing-focused event that featured Mark Hamill (yes, Luke Skywalker) amongst their previous speakers. Their agenda speaks to all kinds of industries, to discuss the best strategies for content marketing.

When: 9/5 - 9/8/17

Where: Cleveland

INBOUND
Inbound Marketing isn't just for marketers - and INBOUND isn't an event that you should ignore. Experts on attracting and selling from all around the world can be found on this high-quality Hubspot event.

When: 9/25 - 9/28/2017

Where: Boston

Sales Force Productivity Conference
Created by the Sales Management Association, it is the premiere education and networking event for sales leadership, sales operations, and sales effectiveness professionals. Senior-level sales professionals and thought leaders attend to discuss the latest industry trends and technologies.

When: 10/16 - 10/18

Where: Atlanta

CEB Sales And Marketing Summit
Sales and Marketing events are perfect because of the powerful alignment both have - where Marketing looks to attract, Sales will ultimately sell. Within those three days, you'll be sure to see some industry-leading speakers.

When: 10/17 - 10/19

Where: Las Vegas

Social Media Strategies Summit - NY
The longest running, most comprehensive social media conference in the US. It is the go-to event for social media, digital marketing, social selling and communications professionals across industries.

When: October

Where: New York

Dreamforce
Dreamforce is a Salesforce event with specific content for any industry, role and company size. If you're looking to find different industry leaders with valuable advice, attend Dreamforce.

When: 11/6 - 11/9/2017

Where: San Francisco

Inside Sales World
Yes, we know, this is in Europe - but we thought it was worth mentioning. The Inside Sales World is a major international conference for inside sales reps and leaders, featuring the biggest trends and hacks. If by any chance you'll be near Ireland on November, why not?

When: 11/14/17

Where: Dublin

Digital Sales Engine
The Digital Sales Engine features live sessions, live workshops and on-demand classes to accelerate sales performance.

PS: This year's speakers include Tamara Schenk, Sales Enablement expert who shared her insights for 2017 with us.

When: 11/17/17

Where: Online

LinkedIn Sales Connect
A LinkedIn conference is a must-go by definition. The Sales Connect event is perfect for reps who want to master social selling, especially using their own Sales Solutions.

When: To Be Defined

Where: To Be Defined

Sales Acceleration Technology Summit
This InsideSales.com event is also free and virtual, but technology-focused: what sort of platforms and tools can accelerate sales and drive growth?

When: to be defined

Where: Online

Social Media Strategies Summit - San Francisco
The longest running, most comprehensive social media conference in the US. It is the go-to event for social media, digital marketing, social selling and communications professionals across industries.

When: 2/7 - 2/9/17

Where: San Francisco

Forrester Digital Business
Forrester Digital Business is the perfect event learn how executive leadership, customer understanding, design management, culture and measurement function in high-performing firms.

When: to be defined

Where: to be defined

Leadership Summit 2018
April 3rd - 5th | Chicago, IL
Celebrating it's 10th anniversary, the AA-ISP Leadership Summit is the world's largest gathering of Inside Sales leaders. Join us in downtown Chicago at the Sheraton Grand for a 3-day learning, sharing, and networking event.

AI Sales Summit 2018
May 8th | Chicago, IL
Artificial Intelligence and emerging technologies are redefining the traditional sales cycle. Participants will hear from industry thought leaders while learning how companies are currently implementing AI in the selling process.

UNITE 2018
June 19th - 20th | Atlanta, GA
UNITE 2018 will bring together sales professionals of all levels--from Frontline Reps to Senior Executives--to learn, network, and celebrate our profession! Join hundreds of your fellow Inside Sales Professionals at this unique two-day event.

Digital Sales World - Boston
Digital Sales World - Boston
September 6th | Boston, MA
The AA-ISP community is back for our 9th consecutive year in Boston! The new era of Digital Selling is upon us. If you’re involved in sales, leadership, enablement, the field, or any role supporting sales, kick off the Fall season by attending Digital Sales World – Boston 2018!

Senior Executive Retreat
Senior Executive Retreat
October 17th - 19th | San Diego, CA
Come together for three days with a select group of 60 Leaders, Executives, VP’s, and Directors from some of the world’s most prominent companies to learn, share, and network in an intimate setting.

The SLATE Conference is a great eLearning conference too. For more information about SLATE, please go to http://www.slategroup.org.

16th Annual SLATE Conference
16th Annual SLATE Conference
October 3 – 5, 2018

Being held at the NIU campus/conference center in Naperville, IL, the SLATE Conference is one of the premier academic technology conferences in the Midwest, known for offering a wide variety of topics ranging from best practices and pedagogy to innovative teaching resources and cutting-edge technologies. So come join friends and colleagues along with – faculty, system administrators, user support staff, technology coordinators, librarians, CIO’s, web administrators, and decision-makers from all levels of educational institutions at this year’s event.
